1. What is the time complexity of creating new cats? (constant or linear w nr of cats).
Linear with number of cats because we're using a dynamic array to store all kitties and pushing new ones into it. This requires the array be copied and recast every time, which will grow in time complexity in proportion to the number of kitties created.

2. What is the time complexity of the getAllCatsFor function? (constant or linear w nr of cats).
Linear because we have to loop through every kitty to make sure we gather all the kitties owned by the address passed in.

3. How could the storage design be changed to make the getAllCats function constant? Implement your idea. Then discuss the benefits and drawbacks of your implementation and post everything in the forum.
The storage design could use an array instead of an uint256 for ownershipTokenCount. We would retain the ability to get the count for a specific address with the length method, and we would gain the ability to query all of an owner's kitties with one operation. The drawback is that we would use significantly more storage memory. Another drawback would be that it's now computationally more expensive to transfer kitties. This is because in order to transfer we now have to remove it from the original owner's array and put it in the new owner's array. This will require array manipulation (i.e. grab the last array item, replace the transferred item, and pop the last item).

*Note that writing to storage is the most expensive thing we can do, so keep that in mind when deciding how to persist state in smart contracts*

*Also note that it doesn't matter if functions have a linear time complexity as much in smart contracts. What we're concerned about is the gas cost. So for example, a view function with a higher complexity is better than an alternative that requires us to make non-view functions more costly*
